hey guys in this video I'm going to be
showing you guys how to make your own
DIY face scrub slash mask using items
that can probably be found in your
kitchen you will need a cutting board a
knife some raw organic honey and a lemon
if you are underage or you don't trust
yourself with a knife please have
someone help you or assist you when it
comes to cutting so the first thing
you're going to want to do is slice your
lemon in half or if you guys don't feel
like you're going to use it all then
only cut it into a few slices so the
only reason why I decided to cut up the
lemon into three slices was because I
felt like the middle has the most juice
and it was probably the biggest for my
hand to hold and just to scrub around my
face but you guys can use the top the
second slice it really doesn't matter so
before applying it onto your face make
sure you take out any seeds that are in
the lemon slice and once you do that
then go ahead and dip the lemon into
your bowl of sugar be sure to cover the
entire surface of the lemon slice with
sugar because this will help to ensure a
good exfoliation and helps get rid of
all of your dead skin cells once you
have done that just start scrubbing your
face with the lemon scrub and you can do
this in circular motion or whatever way
that you guys like and I like to focus
this especially on my nose where all my
blackheads are and also the sides of my
mouth because I also get pores and
blackheads there and just basically all
over my face
but you guys can focus on the most acne
prone parts or if you guys have scarring
anywhere on your face lemon will do
justice and definitely help to feed
those scars now once you have finished
scrubbing your face just let the mask
sit on for about three to five minutes
and once you have done that then just
wash it off
as you guys are washing off the mask
make sure to really rub the grains of
sugar into your skin as this will help
your skin to feel more smooth and look
clearer and fresher now on to the next
mask you are going to need a bowl some
raw organic honey and some sugar support
a teaspoon of sugar into your bowl it
really doesn't matter how much you put
in as long as it matches up with your
honey and once you have done that get a
teaspoon of honey and just start
stirring it in with the sugar mix it up
until there are no more grains of sugar
that can fall out of the bowl and as you
guys can see it ends up looking very
thick but it's perfect for the facial
mask once you guys feel like the honey
is ready to be applied onto the face
just start spreading it out all over and
do the same thing that we did with the
facial scrub you're going to want to rub
the grains of sugar into your blackheads
and pores and basically where you feel
like you get a lot of acne and if you
don't have acne and you just want to use
this mask then go on ahead it's still
going to benefit your skin in so many
ways
I'll leave the mask on for about 15
minutes and once you have reached your
time limit then go ahead and just wash
it off just like before scrub the grains
of sugar into all of your pores and
blackheads like I have repeated about
ten times in this video already and this
will really help your skin to feel a
soft as a baby's butt once you're done
with that then just pat your face dry
and apply on your favorite moisturizer
this Tea Tree moisturizer is great for
oily skin because it'll help you to stay
matte throughout the night and have you
waking up with really clear skin only
hope that you guys enjoyed this video
and if you did please don't forget to
give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe if you haven't yet I'll see
you guys in the next video bye guys